README.md, before:

RandCharGen
===========

Creates a set of random characters. Can be used as a password generator, a salt generator or create a GAE (Google App Engine) site name generator. Two functions, each returns a random set of characters. One is written in a clearer polyglot way and the other is written in a more Pythonic way. String constants can be changed out to change your random set of characters.



7.1.1. String constants from Python Documentation (http://docs.python.org/2/library/string.html)

The constants defined in this module are:

string.ascii_letters

    The concatenation of the ascii_lowercase and ascii_uppercase constants described below. This value is not locale-dependent.

string.ascii_lowercase

    The lowercase letters 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'. This value is not locale-dependent and will not change.

string.ascii_uppercase

    The uppercase letters 'ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ'. This value is not locale-dependent and will not change.

string.digits

    The string '0123456789'.

string.hexdigits

    The string '0123456789abcdefABCDEF'.

string.letters

    The concatenation of the strings lowercase and uppercase described below. The specific value is locale-dependent, and will be updated when locale.setlocale() is called.

string.lowercase

    A string containing all the characters that are considered lowercase letters. On most systems this is the string 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'. The specific value is locale-dependent, and will be updated when locale.setlocale() is called.

string.octdigits

    The string '01234567'.

string.punctuation

    String of ASCII characters which are considered punctuation characters in the C locale.

string.printable

    String of characters which are considered printable. This is a combination of digits, letters, punctuation, and whitespace.

string.uppercase

    A string containing all the characters that are considered uppercase letters. On most systems this is the string 'ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ'. The specific value is locale-dependent, and will be updated when locale.setlocale() is called.

string.whitespace

    A string containing all characters that are considered whitespace. On most systems this includes the characters space, tab, linefeed, return, formfeed, and vertical tab.

Commit message:

Subject: Updated Readme
What Happened: (1) Added 'Updated March 14, 2019 to use Python 3 and the Python 3.6 secrets module' to README file
(2) Created .gitignore file to work better with Pycharm (Actually in last commit but only now getting around to documenting it).

README.md, after:

RandCharGen
===========

Updated March 14, 2019 to use Python 3 and the Python 3.6 secrets module

Creates a set of random characters. Can be used as a password generator, a salt generator or create a GAE (Google App Engine) site name generator. Two functions, each returns a random set of characters. One is written in a clearer polyglot way and the other is written in a more Pythonic way. String constants can be changed out to change your random set of characters.



7.1.1. String constants from Python Documentation (http://docs.python.org/2/library/string.html)

The constants defined in this module are:

string.ascii_letters

    The concatenation of the ascii_lowercase and ascii_uppercase constants described below. This value is not locale-dependent.

string.ascii_lowercase

    The lowercase letters 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'. This value is not locale-dependent and will not change.

string.ascii_uppercase

    The uppercase letters 'ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ'. This value is not locale-dependent and will not change.

string.digits

    The string '0123456789'.

string.hexdigits

    The string '0123456789abcdefABCDEF'.

string.letters

    The concatenation of the strings lowercase and uppercase described below. The specific value is locale-dependent, and will be updated when locale.setlocale() is called.

string.lowercase

    A string containing all the characters that are considered lowercase letters. On most systems this is the string 'abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz'. The specific value is locale-dependent, and will be updated when locale.setlocale() is called.

string.octdigits

    The string '01234567'.

string.punctuation

    String of ASCII characters which are considered punctuation characters in the C locale.

string.printable

    String of characters which are considered printable. This is a combination of digits, letters, punctuation, and whitespace.

string.uppercase

    A string containing all the characters that are considered uppercase letters. On most systems this is the string 'ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ'. The specific value is locale-dependent, and will be updated when locale.setlocale() is called.

string.whitespace

    A string containing all characters that are considered whitespace. On most systems this includes the characters space, tab, linefeed, return, formfeed, and vertical tab.
